
Overview
--------
This file describes the "hivefile" backend and file format. 

The file consists of sections, parameters, and directives. The file is
line-based - that is, each newline-terminated line represents either a
comment, a section name or a parameter.

Section, parameter names, and directives are not case sensitive.

Any line ending in a '\' is continued on the next line in the
customary UNIX fashion.


Sections
--------
A section begins with the name of the section in square brackets and
continues until the next section begins. Sections defines "Folders" in
the HiveConfig namespace. Sections contain parameters.


Parameters
----------
Parameters have the form

    name = value

Only the first equals sign in a parameter is significant. Whitespace
before or after the first equals sign is discarded. Leading, trailing
and internal whitespace in section and parameter names is
irrelevant. Leading and trailing whitespace in a parameter value is
discarded. Internal whitespace within a parameter value is retained
verbatim.


Comments
--------
Any line beginning with a semicolon (';') or a hash ('#') character is
ignored, as are lines containing only whitespace.


Directives
----------

%mount [options] <URL>

    Mounts another hive. This basically works like an "include"
    directive, but handles writes as well. Hiveconf remembers which
    file (or other source) a parameter was read from, so it knows
    where to change a parameter on update.

    <URL> can be a simple, relative filename, like
    "../app.hive". Wildcard characters are allowed. 

    The following options are supported:

    -t <backend> 
      The argument following the -t is used to indicate the backend to use. 
      The backends currently supported are:

      hivefile: The hive file backend (default). The hive file format
      is described in this file.

      filesystem: See filesystem-backend.txt. 

    -o <options>
      Generic mount options:

        ro: Mount read-only
        rw: Mount read-write

    -a <options>
      Backend specific options. See backend documentation for
      details. The hivefile backend format has no options, currently. 
